Document semver behavior (#611)
replicatedhq/kots.io: content/vendor/packaging/promoting-releases.md

- License values are synced with the values set in the vendor portal when the customer syncs the license.
- Releases will not be editable after being promoted to a channel.
- Release notes, version numbers, and the required status may be edited after promotion by visiting the channel’s history.

## Semantic Versioning

Semantic versioning is available in KOTS v1.58.0 and later.

> You can use the semantic version format for the version label that you assign to a release in the admin console. For more information about semantic versioning, see [Semantic Versioning 2.0.0](https://semver.org). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the semantic version format for the version label that you assign to a release in the vendor portal. For more information about semantic versioning, see [Semantic Versioning 2.0.0](https://semver.org). 
```

In order for this label to be used to sequence releases on a channel, semantic versioning must be enabled by turning on the `Require semver for releases promoted to this channel` toggle in the channel settings.
If you use semantic versioning on a channel, we recommend that you always use semantic versioning on that channel.
This toggle is disabled by default.

> If the version label that you assign to a channel is in the semantic version format, the admin console uses the version label for sequencing of releases during updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the version label that you assign to a channel is in the semantic version format, the KOTS admin console uses the version label for sequencing of releases during updates.
```

> For releases that do not use semantic versioning, the admin console sequences them in the order of their creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For releases that do not use semantic versioning, the KOTS admin console sequences them in the order of their creation.
```

> For releases that do not use semantic versioning, the admin console sequences them in the order of their creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For releases that do not use semantic versioning, the admin console sequences them in the order of their promotion to the channel.
```
